.TH BOOM 5 "Mar 09 2018" "Linux" "FILE FORMATS MANUAL"

.
.SH NAME
.
boom.conf \(em boom configuration file
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB/boot/boom/boom.conf\fP
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBboom.conf\fP is loaded during the initialisation of boom and contains
configuration keys affecting boom's global behaviour and the setting of
boom's legacy configuration support.

The file is structured in \fBINI\fP format: section headers appear in
square brackets and configuration values appear as key-value pairs with
one pair per line.
.
.SH SECTIONS
.TP
.B global
The global section contains the \fBboot_path\fP and \fBboom_path\fP
keys that may be used to override the location of the \fB/boot\fP
mount point and \fB/boot/boom\fP configuration directory respectively.
.TP
.B legacy
The legacy section contains settings to enable and configure support
for non-BLS boot loader configuration formats.

To enable legacy boot loader support set the \fBenable\fP key to
\fByes\fP or \fBtrue\fP and set the \fBformat\fP key to the required
format (currently only \fbgrub\fP syntax is supported).

If the value of the \fBsync\fP key is true the legacy configuration
will be automatically written whenever entries are added, removed, or
modified.
.TP
.B cache
The cache section contains settings that control the behavior of the
boom boot image cache. The \fBenable\fP key enables or disables the
boot image cache: if the cache is disabled then the \fBboom cache\fP
command and cache-related options such as \fB\-\-backup\fP are not
available.

The path to the on-disk cache may be changed by setting the
\fBcache_path\fP key. By default the cache is located in a
subdirectory of /boot at /boot/boom/cache. Alternately a separate
file system may be used to contain the cache (mounted at this path
or another location specified in \fBboom.conf\fP). In this case the
cache file system should be configured to be mounted at the same
location in all installed operating system instances.

If the \fBauto_clean\fP key is enabled boom will automatically
remove cache entries when they are no longer used by a boom boot
entry.
.
.SH AUTHORS
.
Bryn M. Reeves <bmr@redhat.com>
.
.SH SEE ALSO
.
Boom project page: https://github.com/snapshotmanager/boom
.br
Boot to snapshot documentation: https://github.com/snapshotmanager/snapshot-boot-docs
.br
LVM2 resource page: https://www.sourceware.org/lvm2/
.br
Device-mapper resource page: http://sources.redhat.com/dm/
.br
